Readme instructions:

To access the tasks please head to
https://workersandbox.mturk.com/requesters/A2V5EHWCQVEH9K/projects. There will
be three tasks displayed.

If you have any questions at all or have difficulty with a task, please don’t
hesitate to reach out to Palmer Polly Paul at mailto:palmerpa@seas.upenn.edu.


Task 1: Pointillism (titled “add 10 dots to a canvas to recreate image of a
horse)

After accepting the HIT, you will be presented with a blank canvas, a picture of
a horse, and a palette of 10 colors to choose from. Click on any color to make
that your current pen color. Your task is to place 10 dots on the screen, doing
your best to replicate the image you are provided with. You can choose to focus
on just one area of the picture—like just the horse’s head or just the grass,
for example. You can alternatively try to do a little bit of many different
parts of the image— a few dots for grass, a few for the sky, etc. When you are
finished placing the 10 dots on the screen, the submit button will become live,
and all you have to do is click on it to finish the task!
Thank you for working with us :)


Task 2: Heatmap (titled “click on the horse in the image”)

This task is very straightforward. After accepting the HIT, you will be
presented with an image of a horse. Your task is to click on the horse at least
10 times. This can be anywhere on the horse: the head, the body, the legs etc.
The important part is that you click ON the horse somewhere, and not on the
background!


Task 3: Mosaic (“sketch an outline of part of a horse”)

After accepting the HIT, you will be presented with a fragment of an image of a
horse. Your task is to draw an outline around the part of the image that you
think is the horse. Simply hold down your mouse and move it to draw! You have
an option to “undo” an erroneous drawing. Just click the “submit” button when
you are done!  
